1) You need to find the summation of weight of each character in this String.
2) You need to calculate this sum for a given n.
3) You have to check if the strings are permutations of each other and output "YES" or "NO" accordingly
4) Calculate how many points with integer coordinates on or inside this square could  be the frog's position after exactly T seconds.
5) In maze ,find the final point where he came out.
6) Fibbonacci
7) Help Goki find his friends
8) Determine the number of positive even integers that are smaller than or equal to it and are not a multiple of 4
9) you want to find all the marks that are not smaller than those on its  right side in the array.
10) find out the minimum number of single digit prime numbers which when summed equals a given number X
11) Napoleon wants to know his maximum Earning for each day.
12) He will give you a number , and you  have to tell him the total number of occurrences of that number in the array of numbers shown to your team
13) given you a list of N random integers  and he wants you to find the integer which has the maximum frequency in the given list.
14) find the nth term of the sequence given by the equation.
15) you predict the maximum positive sum possible, then you win.
16) Among all the good substrings of s ,print the size of the longest one.
17) Determine who wins the game if Ashish plays first.
18) print the total number of points that lie strictly inside the rectangle.
19) Your output should be a single line containing the lowest possible difference between the team with highest knowledge and the one with lowest knowledge.
20) You have to come up with accurate rank list
21) Reduce the fraction to the lowest possible.
22) You are to find this minimum time. 
23) For each test case output the time taken by the hand-robot to type down the message.
24) Print X and Y separated by a space in a single line.
25) For each query you need to find the Kth element of this sequence.
26) Position Of K In The Given List
27) we need to find the sum of the series where i-th term is sum of first i natural numbers.Print the sum of the series of N terms for each testcase.
28) print the sentence rotated x times clockwise if x is positive and anti-clockwise otherwise.
29) You need to  find the summation of weight of each character in this String.
30) Output the built output list.
31) Find the maximum stamina required if can start his journey from any building.
32) Your task is to maximize the sum of chosen numbers. 
33) print the minimum number of non-negative integers that should be added to array A such that the floor of an average of array A is less than or equal to K
34) find an array B of length N satisfying the following conditions:
35) tell the jury after every update the number of distinct possible ranks that he can get.
36) Given two strings of equal length, you have to tell whether they both strings are identical.
37) print new array C such that: C[i] = A[i] + B[i]; 1<= i<= N
38) They told him to add the string with its reverse string and follow these rules:
39) Given a string S, you need to convert it into a Good String.
40) find the largest number that can be formed by changing digits at atmost K places in the number X.
41) what is the minimum number of turns Edward has to make to earn at least r red gems, g green gems and b blue gems, so that he will be able to buy the artifact.
42) Find him the word, which is the first in alphabetical order and could be written on the paper.
43) Find a no. from his favourite list of number for which energy consumption is low.
44) Help Monk in finding out if the array is Lucky or not.